PORT-10984 Add “synced webhook + secrets” implementation method to relevant guides (#1741)
port-labs/port-docs: docs/guides/all/acknowledge-incident.md

        "agent": false,
        "synchronized": true,
        "method": "PATCH",
        "headers": {
          "Content-Type": "application/json"
        },
        "body": {
          "properties": {
            "status": "{{.event.diff.after.entity.properties.status}}",
            "url": "{{.event.diff.after.entity.properties.url}}",
            "urgency": "{{.event.diff.after.entity.properties.urgency}}",
            "responder": "{{.event.diff.after.entity.properties.responder}}",
            "escalation_policy": "{{.event.diff.after.entity.properties.escalation_policy}}",
            "created_at": "{{.event.diff.after.entity.properties.created_at}}",
            "updated_at": "{{.event.diff.after.entity.properties.updated_at}}"
          },
          "relations": "{{.event.diff.after.entity.relations}}"
        }
      },
      "publish": true
    }
    ```
    </details>

5. Click `Save`.

Now when you execute the webhook action, the entity's relations will be maintained even though the webhook itself doesn't directly support this.

## Let's test it! 

> 1. Head to the [Self Service hub](https://app.getport.io/self-serve)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Head to the [self-service page](https://app.getport.io/self-serve) of your portal
```
